[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So today, we will
be presenting some
of our pre-selected audience
questions to our guest speakers
starting with Richard Doty
and then moving along.
So without further
ado, I'll hand over
to our digital emcee,
Mr. Peter Twist.
>> Richard Doty.
Richard as a Special
Investigations Agent,
you were once
involved in a search
for an escaped extraterrestrial
from a Papoose Lake
facility known as Sight Alpha.
Can you tell us what type
of extraterrestrial creature
this was and where
it had come from?
>> Yes.
In early 1980s,
I was assigned as
a counterintelligence officer
at the Groom Lake complex.
And everyone knows
that as Area 51.
There was an incident
that happened
where an ET that
we had in captivity
or, I don't like to
actually say captivity,
but we were housing it
at a special facility
called Sight Alpha, which was
Northwest of Papoose Lake.
Now, there's a lot of stories
out there about this incident.
Some facts, some fiction.
But the actual
incident was that one
of these extraterrestrial
entities escaped.
Now, Sight Alpha is in the lower
portion of the Groom Lake area.
And it made its way all the way
up to the northern perimeter
of the Nellis Test
and Training Range,
which encompasses Papoose Lake,
Groom Lake, and Tonopah Air
Force Base.
The OSI office was notified
that this entity had escaped.
And the containment team, and
there was a special containment
team on the base, and
their actual job was
to try to capture this entity.
But we were notified
that this has happened.
And we went out to assist in
the capture of this entity.
The entity was a--
now, the names of these entities
that we had in captivity
or the names that we knew or had
contact with ETs over the years
was named by the Defense
Intelligence Agency.
So a lot of people ask me,
why are their name the way
they are?
Well, I don't really
know how they named them.
But this particular entity was
a quadaloid, Q-U-A-D-A-L-O-I-D.
And it was an insect-looking,
almost like a praying mantis
looking.
The problem that
particular entity had
is that it couldn't continuously
breathe our atmosphere.
You're going to remember
that these entities come
from millions and sometimes
millions of light year, not
light years, but miles,
hundreds of light years away.
They come from a
different planet.
They breathe
different atmospheres.
They eat different
nutritious things.
And this particular
one, it could only
breathe our atmosphere for
a very, very short period
of time.
So when we finally were
able to corral this entity,
the containment team came in
and placed in a container.
So it wouldn't die.
And it was taken
back to Sight Alpha.
Now, Sight Alpha, you can
actually get a Google map
and look at Papoose Lake, and
just a little bit Northwest
of Papoose Lake is a facility.
You'll see that facility
in a Google map.
That's where's Sight
Alpha is located.
And whether it's still
there or not, I left in '88,
and I believe it's still there.
I know it's still
there on a map,
whether it's housing
extraterrestrials or not,
that's for maybe
another program.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paul Sinclair.
Paul, you have been heavily
involved as a UFO researcher
throughout the area
of Bempton in the UK.
There have been countless
claims from people
who have experienced
strange phenomena
in and around this location.
Paul, have you ever witnessed
any strange occurrences
yourself?
>> Yes.
It's the first
answer to that, many.
Unfortunately, not as many as
when you take an individual up
there randomly for the first
time, and then the phenomena
seems to interact or engage.
I don't know why that is.
Andrew touched on it
earlier in his talk.
Similar .
There's an awareness to
what we're dealing with.
But as you probably saw in
the talk, Wolflands earlier,
there are concentrated
hotspots within the zone
of strangeness and that
hillside in particular,
And there's a few people
in the audience today
who have actually been there
and experienced things.
The square of light
that we talked about,
I've seen that personally.
Although, I didn't
see that night when
Bob and Jemma saw it.
I've seen it with Andy Ramsden.
And we've seen it with a
guy called Steve Ashbridge.
And there's no predictability
to unexplained phenomena.
It does not present to order.
But what we didn't
touch on in the talk
is there's a former RAF
base there, RAF Bempton.
It closed in 1968.
They were there from the 1940s.
So an underground facility.
And after it closed, it
was used intermittently,
be it intermittently
by a satanic cult.
Now, I know we're
talking about the UFOs,
but I just wonder what
they evoked and experience.
Because I think it's
an into mind connection
that we're dealing
with the phenomena.
And we can bring
these things through.
So we've got RAF Bempton.
And we've got lots and lots
of UFO-related information
in its operational
years as well.
There's UFO incidents.
And then if we go further
afield to RAF Staxton Wold,
12 miles away, we've
got the same thing.
But jumping to Bempton, I'm not
sure if A is responsible for B,
as in there was animal
mutilation up there,
2017 to early 2019.
And there's light farm phenomena
present not at the same time.
I've got no definite proof
that they're responsible.
But you've got to
ask yourself, why
is all the unexplained
phenomena presenting around
the same area, in
the same time frames?
The people in the
area know about it.
And them that know
don't want to talk.
It's difficult.
I've become friends with
a few of the farmers
and gathered information.
Typical example, these farms
are in the middle of nowhere.
And when I-- whilst
investigating the light farm
phenomena and the
mutilations, I found myself
on these fields at 4:30 in
the morning for best part
of 18 months,
three or four times
a week because I wanted
to find these unfortunate
animals before people could
say that crows had predated
on them or other animals close
to the source as possible.
But one particular
morning, the farmer
came walking across
the field to me.
And there'd been a roe
deer that had been hovering
around the field quite a bit.
I think it just weren't
quite mature enough
to mix with the adults
for the mating purposes.
And as he's walking
across to me, he said,
that road here, he
says, it's dead.
It's near the kissing gate.
And we went and looked at it.
His face stripped of
skin, eyes removed.
I had not seen it
prior as I drove in.
I entered into a
different place.
He'd walked his dogs up
that way and found it.
But what was interesting
because he doesn't
shut his curtains on a night.
So I'm laid in bed last
night listening to music.
This is on Bempton
cliffs, very close.
And there's a light going
round on my bedroom wall.
And I said, why didn't you
get up and have a look?
He went, no.
No.
I'm not going to go out.
I think we all would probably,
or a lot of us would think,
well, we'd have to
investigate this.
It's almost like there was
a nullifying effect on him.
He was adamant about
what he was saying.
We've got this light
that's going around
on my bedroom wall.
I'm listening to music.
He'd not connected
that with the death
of the deer, the roe deer.
But I think there is
some kind of connection.
I'm mindful that I don't
want to jump off the fence,
and say, A is
responsible for B. But I
think we've got to consider
that there's something there
that is connecting them.
Thank you.
>> Thanks a lot.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, the subject of the
Black Knight Satellite
has been much talked about
within the UFO community.
And now, a new documentary
is being produced by yourself
on this subject.
What information can you share?
>> Great question.
Well, the Black Knight
Satellite intrigued me probably
about 10 years ago.
I came across the Black Knight
and just doing some research
into UFOs and conspiracy
theories with regarding aliens.
And it was a very tiny
bit of information.
And I said, this is
pretty interesting.
Something orbiting our planet
before we even had satellites.
And so as I dug into
it deeper and deeper,
I started to realize
that there had
been accounts of this
object orbiting our planet.
Not only orbiting our
planet in an orbit,
like equatorial orbit, it was
orbiting in a polar orbit.
Something that we definitely
couldn't do at the time.
Not only that we
didn't have satellites,
we weren't able to
create a polar orbiting
satellite until more recently.
So this is very interesting.
So I dug deeper and found
out that Nikola Tesla
was getting signals from
this in the late 1800s.
Then fast forward in
time in the 1950s,
several Ham Radio operators
were getting signals
from this same object
orbiting Earth.
During the 1960s,
actually in 1960,
there was a gentleman
that actually
named Duncan Lunan who was a
journalist and an astronomer.
He was a journalist for Time
Magazine and an astronomer.
And he was into astronomy
and astrophysics.
He actually wrote
an article, which
got published by Time Magazine
that this object not only did
it exist, but it was giving
off a specific signal.
This signal was decoded by Ham
Radio operators independently,
as well as Duncan Lunan.
And it gave up a location of
where this thing may be from.
And that was the
Bootes constellation.
Now, that's amazing
because that's a big key.
This is why I had to
do the documentary.
When I found out that was
the Bootes constellation,
and being that I researched
ancient civilizations,
I discovered that
one of the Anunnaki
gods of the Pantheon in
Mesopotamia named Enlil,
he actually had something
called an all seeing eye.
Now, this all seeing
eye would allow
you to see anything going
on Earth at any given time.
And how is that possible?
We have all seeing eyes
in space right now.
They're called
polar-orbiting satellites.
With a polar-orbiting satellite,
as the Earth spins on its axis
and it orbits the Earth while
it's spinning on its axis,
it's taking swaths of data
information, and video,
and photos, and everything
else, topographical data.
And it gives you the capability
of transmitting that data back
to Earth, analyzing
it, and seeing
everything going on the planet.
Because that's the
best way to get
all the data around the world.
It's an all seeing eye in space.
We have those now.
So I said, wow.
This guy has an all seeing
eye in ancient times that
can let him see population
densities, farming
densities, who's got crops,
who doesn't have crops.
Because at certain
times, he would actually
destroy crops if people were
growing too much population
in one area.
I said, could these
two things be linked?
As I dug deeper, I
discovered that Enlil
was the owner of the
Bootes constellation
according to the
ancient Sumerians.
Now, this is a
mind blowing thing.
So this object that's been
orbiting the Earth for who
knows how long, according to
the people that have decoded
the message, it's where
Bootes was in the sky
approximately 11,000
to 13,000 years ago.
So this thing is super ancient,
potentially super ancient.
It may have been there since the
last Ice Age that we just had.
And so now, it's
saying that Enlil is
the owner of the constellation.
To go a step further,
theoretical physicists
have been looking at the
Bootes constellation.
And what did they find?
There's a void there.
There's a void in the
constellation that actually
doesn't even have dust in it.
It's one of the largest
voids that we've ever
found in the universe so far.
And light appears to be
bending around something.
So I started to
look even deeper.
What does that mean?
Well.
They're theorizing that it's an
advanced cloaked civilization.
So we have a satellite orbiting
Earth that shouldn't be there,
especially in a polar orbit.
It's giving off a
signal stating that it's
from Bootes Epsilon, which
is a constellation hundreds
of light years away.
And we have a link
to it on Earth
with the Mesopotamian
God, Enlil,
who has an all seeing eye
and owns the constellation.
Just too many coincidences.
And I said, we've got to
dig a lot deeper into this.
So I made a documentary
called "The Black Knight
Satellite, Beyond the Signal."
And it's available on
4biddenknowledge TV.
If you want to watch
it, just go to 4bk.tv.
It's only about an
hour and a half.
And I think I had about 20
incredible talents in there.
And Mr. Mera is in there as
well giving his great content
and information to the story.
And we dug really deep
into the research.
And I think we provided
something for everyone
to take a look at and come
up with your own conclusion.
But I do think that there's a
link between ancient Sumeria
and the Bootes the constellation
and the Black Knight.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, is there
a "them" and "us"
divide, we must recognize
within modern UFO technology?
>> There is.
And when I suppose we reference
that them and us divide,
initially we have to look
at the craft and phenomena
of our ancestors of what
they were experiencing
compared to what we
are experiencing now
within the modern age.
And within the 20th
century, it gets very murky
when we try and identify
between the two.
But now, we've reached a
stage within modern society
that we have phenomena
such as the Tic
Tac of San Diego and
things like that, which
in itself is our technology.
And it's our tech.
But our tech is very, very
different in signature
to the tech of
them, if you wish.
And there has been some
evidence that has come forward
to suggest that the amount
of microwave technology
or microwave emitted
from our technology
is much, much higher.
And for anyone who gets
within around 100 feet
of this particular
craft, there have
been some figures
being suggested
that of the people that
do have that encounter,
it is around 10% that are
dead within seven years.
And so there's a
radiation contaminant
that we have to be aware of.
The high signature
of this contamination
that comes from the
stuff that we build
is certainly not the same as
what we've seen with them.
Theirs is either
shielded or they're
using a different style
of technology altogether.
And when I'm
speaking later on, I
will be reflecting and
looking at this idea
of the different style.
But yes, there is a difference
between "us" and "them."
And I have to say with the
advancements of technology
today, we are really
starting to outsurpass them.
>> Wow.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Steve Mera.
Steve, you've been
investigating the UFO phenomenon
for almost 40 years.
During that time, you've likely
come across many theories
about UFOs.
Has your opinion
changed over the years?
And what's your current
opinion in regards to where
these UFOs are coming from?
>> Oh, boy.
What a question.
When I first
started, my mentors--
I'll give you probably the
beginnings of 1980s here.
My mentors said to me, Steve,
these extraterrestrials,
they're traveling from
different planets,
traveling the vastness
of space in very nuts
and bolts physical crafts.
And I took that verbatim,
to be honest with you.
As time's gone on,
boy, has that changed.
The metaphysical factors
of this phenomena
was totally ignored
in the early days.
And it was pushed aside.
It was considered woo,
woo, not worthy of study.
That is the most important
aspects of this study.
We now are literally
on the cusp of change.
Ufology is balancing
on its edge.
And I'll tell you
the reasons why.
In the highest
circles of ufology,
these think tanks, what I can
say what is actually happening
is that they are aware
of the high strangeness.
They are aware of what
they refer to is woo, woo.
But what they're
currently faced with
is that over the
last few years, we've
had a huge amount of
academics and scientists
coming forward, especially
since the Pentagon announcement,
since the newspapers picked up,
since the pilots come forward
from the Navy talking
about these things.
We've seen the films.
We've seen the footage.
Since then, we've had
some people come forward
from the scientific
community saying,
do you know what, I
want to get involved.
I want to help out.
I want to put my work
forward and trying a system
coming up with some answers.
That was pretty much unheard of.
It might have been going
on in the military factor,
but not in the public realm.
So we don't want
to scare them off.
That's what I was told.
In those circles,
they say, well, we
know about the high strangers.
We know about the woo woo.
But we can't give
it to scientists
because we've just
got them interested.
If we go and throw all
this in front of them,
you've literally got
to rewrite physics.
We're going to have to deliver
digestible chunks to them.
It's the only way.
And that is the way forward.
And that is why it's balancing.
Well, it says,
because now we know
that an extraterrestrial
civilization, which
would be so advanced, is very
unlikely to travel the vastness
of space as we would think.
They would have found
an easier, better way.
If we look about this phenomena,
where it's coming from,
because it's asking
that question,
where are they coming from?
Well, in the early
days, we'd say, well,
maybe from this
planet or that planet.
That might be the case.
But not in the sense
of what we think.
Because most of
this phenomena seems
to have a metaphysical
aspect to it.
They seem to materialize,
manifest, and de-materialize
in key areas.
Very similar to some of
the paranormal things
that we experience in life.
The apportation of other
items in poltergeist cases
is very similar to the
sudden manifestation
if an UFO suddenly appears on
the ground in front of people.
The problem that we
have is that we're
going to have to look at
the whole scope, which
I referred to and Barry
refers to as phenomenology.
Because what we seem to
be faced with is this--
I think it may have been
even done purposely,
to some degree, that we've
got this compartmentalization
between all these subjects.
The paranormal guys weren't
dealing with the UFO guys.
UFO guys weren't
dealing with paranormal.
We've got all these supernatural
aspects, and the paranormal,
and the metaphysical.
And when you bring
all these together,
this is why we're not
getting the full picture.
Because we were
stuck in our UFO box.
I'm not going into
the other areas.
We're never going to gain that
full picture until we start
tearing it all down and
looking at the whole thing
as phenomenology.
Because once you do that, you
start to realize very quickly,
well, hang on a second,
there's a considerable amount
of cases of UFO incidents
where it involves
paranormal-type phenomena.
Now, why is that?
If we're dealing with an
extraterrestrial source coming
from some other planet, and
presumably a paranormal thing
is a very ancient old
phenomena on Earth,
why are they seemingly utilizing
this similar physics here?
And I think what we're doing now
is that we're balancing right
on that edge of bringing in
this high strangeness because it
cannot be ignored any longer.
But this phenomena may very
well be right under our noses
at any given time of the day.
And that they're not only
aware of our proceedings
and what we're going
to do, but also,
it may be possibly even into
the future, small future events.
So we've got to
prepare ourselves
to have an understanding
that we haven't really
had to concede before.
And that is the world
of quantum physics,
quantum mechanics, and
rewriting literally the physics
we know to try and gain
some understanding.
But, yes, The UFO phenomena
for me is vastly changed
over the years.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Richard Doty.
Richard, there
has been much talk
surrounding the topic of time
traveling ETs over the last 10
years.
During your work,
did you ever come
across any information
pertaining to extraterrestrials
and time travel capabilities?
>> Yes.
Way back in the early 80's, the
Defense Intelligence Agency,
they had a highly
classified program
experimenting with time travel.
And this was out at Nevada
test site, which is now
the Nevada National Security
Site, where the nuclear weapons
were tested years before.
They built some special
facilities out there
to experiment and
time traveling.
Trying to figure out
how they could do that.
Top scientists from all
over the United States
and some from the
UK were there trying
to perfect a method to open
up the fabric of space,
so to speak, in order to travel,
either forward or back in time.
Now, as I mentioned
earlier, we had visitors,
I'd like to call them, at
the facility at Site Alpha.
And one of the
particular entities,
although, we couldn't
fully communicate,
but we were able to determine.
And I don't know exactly
how this happened.
But the scientists were able to
communicate in a way for them
to explain something about
how they move from one point
to another in space.
And this is back in the 80's.
You've got to understand,
our understanding
of a lot of different
things, even
pertaining to physics
and astronomy,
was a neophyte back then.
We were just in the infant
stages of understanding this.
So our scientists
were able to grasp
some information
that was provided
by this particular visitor.
And they tried to adapt that.
But, unfortunately,
you have to understand
that the visitor's technology
was hundreds or maybe thousands
of years more advanced than us.
Plus, we couldn't
understand their science.
And it was difficult for them
to relate their science to us.
But we were able to understand
that that particular entity was
able to move not so much
as during time travel,
but moving forward
and back in time.
We couldn't understand
exactly how they did it,
but they were able to do that.
And over the years
now, jumping to now,
after I left
government service, I
worked for the Institute for
Advanced Studies at Austin, Dr.
Harold Puthoff
facility down there.
And there was some
research that was
done regarding this particular
subject of traveling the time.
Most scientists understand time
travel to be only back in time
because that's occurred
rather than forward in time,
where it hasn't occurred yet.
But there's a strong evidence
that we can do that now.
Even by just moving some atoms
from one location to another
or a molecule of water or
the third element of water
tritium of the molecule
from one point to another.
We're able to do that,
both forward and backwards.
So the answer to the question,
yes, ETs can do that.
If one particular species
of extraterrestrials
can travel in that manner,
probably all of them could.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paul Sinclair.
Paul, are there any
significant ancient burial
mounds in the region of Bempton
or around the coastal region?
And if so, do you think
they are connected
to some of the strange
phenomena being
witnessed in that location?
>> Yeah.
There are burial mounds.
And I do think they're connected
to the unexplained phenomena.
I think the ancient
people already knew this.
And that's why they placed their
burial mounds and other stones,
I think Maria touched on it,
the Rudston Monolith, earlier.
And it's about 11
miles from my home.
Britain's tallest standing
stone is about 29 and 1/2 feet.
And it's been a place
of worship and sacrifice
for thousands and
thousands of years.
It's in a churchyard.
But it obviously
predates the churchyard.
And it was excavated in
the 1800's by someone
called William Strickland.
He found large quantities
of human skulls.
And this speculated that it
had been a site of sacrifice.
A few miles away,
there's probably
one of the most famous burial
mounds in the United Kingdom.
If anybody Google's or
has a look at Willy Howe,
you will find that it's
associated with fairies,
hobgoblins, and elf-like
folk, the stories
throughout folklore,
describing seeing
a glowing entrance
into the burial mound
and vast banquets taking place.
We realize that over time, these
things may become distorted.
But I believe there's an
element of truth there.
I have a report
in the first book
of a pilot that used to be
an airfield at Willy Howe
Farm, the farm.
It had a small airstrip.
And there was a pilot there
who had a vintage plane.
It wasn't equipped
for night flight.
And he contacted me
and told me this story.
It had three gauges on it.
We'd got revs, altitude,
or something else,
it slips my mind.
And he said, on
this particular day,
he decided to fly up the
coast towards Whitby.
He takes his plane out.
And coming back is close
to the burial mound.
And the sun is just setting.
So he realizes,
he's got time to do
what he wants to do because
no lights on this plane.
And he looks at the sun setting.
And then he turns and
he sees another sun.
I think he's confused
as you would be.
Thinking this can't
be another sun.
What's happening, he said.
And then he gave
a few analogies.
Then he said, it was
almost as though my plane
flew into a cobweb literally.
He said, and I looked.
And I'm traveling.
But I'm not moving.
I'm not losing any altitude.
This is strange.
Obviously, it's going to be.
So a period of time passes.
And then suddenly,
he's flying again.
And he's in the night.
He said, there
were some 37 volts,
I think, KV cables in the field
across where he wanted to land.
Obviously, in daylight,
that wouldn't be a problem.
There's a tractor plowing with
its lights on in the field.
And he put the plane
down in the field
at the side of Willy Howe.
So that's a story of
the burial mounds.
But, yes, we've got earthworks
all around this area.
The location steeped
with ancient earthworks.
And that's just a few examples
of strange things happening
around them.
But a little bit
further up the coast,
we've got the
Devil's Arrows, which
are made of the same
stone, gritstone
as what the Rudston
Monolith is made out of.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, in more
recent years, there
has been a growing interest
in regards to planet Mars.
Could there have once been
an ancient civilization
that occupied this planet?
And if so, what evidence
is there to support this?
>> A lot of great
questions here.
Mars is an amazing place.
I'm going to talk a lot about
it actually tonight at 7:00 PM.
So you don't want to miss
this talk because I'm
going to show you some
anomalies on Mars and the links
that it has to Earth
and other civilizations.
But Mars used to be a
habitable moon of Tiamat,
which I'll talk about tonight.
And one side of Mars
is completely charred.
And the other side
is extremely smooth.
The side that charred was the
side that actually was impacted
by the explosion of this
planet named Tiamat,
which now is the asteroid belt.
And then Mars was slung
into this very strange
elliptical orbit around the sun.
And it became a planet.
But Mars originally
was a habitable moon.
And what's interesting about
it, we've sent a lot of missions
to Mars.
If you look at all of
the space agencies that
have sent missions
to Mars, you'll
find that literally
trillions of dollars
have been spent to send
remote controlled cars
to a cold, dry rock.
Well, tonight, I'm going to
show you evidence in my lecture
that Mars is not
a cold, dry rock.
That there is that atmosphere.
That there is oxygen. That
there is magnetic field.
That there is bioshock
bending the solar wind
around the planet.
I'm going to show you all
the science data that we've
collected on Mars showing you
that the planet was extremely
habitable.
And right now, today
currently, it's
habitable in a limited basis.
Also, I'm going to talk
tonight about the pole
shift that occurred on Mars.
When it took that impact, the
crust of the actual planet
itself shifted about 45 degrees
creating a pole shift, which
created a global
flood on Mars, which
is why a lot of the anomalies
that we have discovered
appeared to be
washed over by mud.
And I'm going to show you
a lot of anomalies taken
from several different
rovers, Opportunity, Spirit,
Perseverance, Curiosity Rover.
And it's going to be
an amazing talk tonight
you don't want to miss it.
Mars, in my opinion, is directly
linked to the ancient Atlantean
culture that was on Earth.
And I'm going to
provide my evidence
for that tonight showing
that Atlantis was not just
a ring city in the
middle of the Atlantic.
But that Atlantis was not only
a global civilization on Earth,
but it was also an
interplanetary civilization.
And that I believe that similar
anomalies or things that
are anomalies that
we've discovered
look extremely similar to some
of the ancient structures,
megalithic structures
left behind here on Earth.
Everything from ankhs
which I'll show you that
have been left
behind here on Earth,
to ankhs that we can see on
planet Mars from the rover
data.
Pyramids and many,
many other anomalies
that we can show you that will
leave you scratching your head
like, what is really
going on up there?
And some things
that don't look too
old, which really makes you want
to scratch your head, and go,
what is going on Mars?
In my personal opinion, I
think that Mars is probably
a location of a
breakaway civilization.
It makes total logical
sense, especially when
you're spending trillions of
dollars over several decades
to go visit this place.
And the reason why there's a lot
of billionaires going to Mars
is because I,
personally, believe,
this is my personal
opinion, that there's
an infrastructure
that has already been
worked out and built up there.
When you talk about Elon
Musk and Branson and all
these other
billionaires that are
looking to go to Mars on a
one way trip and not come back
and taking people with them.
If you're on Earth with the
creature comforts of Earth,
you're a billionaire.
You've got all the
money you need.
You can go on all the vacations.
You can go on yachts
and airplanes.
You can see this
beautiful planet.
You've got butlers, and
maids, and servants.
Everything is first class.
You don't necessarily want to
get on an airplane or a space
plane and go to another planet
that's just a cold, dry rock
and live in a tin
can and a spacesuit
for the rest of your
life until you die.
It doesn't make logical
sense, at least, not to me.
And so if I'm going
to go to Mars,
that means I'm already
knowing that there's possibly
an infrastructure
established, whether it's
below ground or above ground.
We know that you can 3D print
10 to 12 houses in a day.
A Japanese architect is already
doing that right now in Japan.
They 3D print houses using
existing regolith and soil
right from the current
landscape and turn it
into a house in a day.
They can do a dozen
houses in a day.
Could that same technology
be used on Mars?
I think so.
So I'm going to talk a
lot about that tonight
to show you guys
a lot of anomalies
that you're going to see.
Actually, they resemble
ancient things here
on Earth, but also some things
that don't look so ancient.
And do we know
exactly what they are?
No, we don't.
But I can tell
you that there has
been xenon discovered in
the science data coming back
from Mars, weapons grade xenon.
And so xenon is a
byproduct of nuclear war,
nuclear explosions.
And so when you have
xenon in the soil
and in the atmosphere and
those levels, it tells us
Mars truly was the God of War.
And so if you come to my
talk tonight at 7:00 PM,
we're going to go in deep and
in-depth on this conversation.
I'm going to show
the link between them
and the Atlantean civilization.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, we occasionally hear of
an observer effect in regards
to UFO witnesses.
Do you think the effect
could be caused by the UFO?
>> The observer effect generally
encompassed this idea that,
for instance, three people
could see three different things
at the same time.
But this also reflects on
the conscious connection
with the true phenomena
and not the man-made one.
And the problem that
we face is that we
have around a 20-second window
with the observer effect.
And the initial contact,
that light in the sky
is the hook and the bait.
So when we're seeing this and
understand 20-second window,
this effect really
comes into play
because that's whenever it
links into the conscious.
It links into the
conscious brain.
And we start seeing
the different aspects.
Sometimes completely different.
And because consciously, it's
linked to you as an individual.
And that conscious connection
happens within the first 20
seconds.
And that is where
the body signals you.
Your own body signals you
within the first 20 seconds,
if what you are encountering
is right or not.
It will alert you.
And there are ways that
I will talk about later
about how you identify that.
But that can be overridden.
That biological response
can be shut down.
And the brain will
then be triggered
to enter into a particular
brain pattern, which
is where the body will
move into when we're going
into the likes of meditation.
And we also have
hypnotic suggestion.
It can also be brought in there.
False memory can
also be induced.
So we have a 20-second
window, which
if we understand the
signals from a body,
we can defend ourselves
against this encounter
and better understand it.
But that's something
I'll talk about later on.
So there is a difference
within every single individual
about what they're seeing when
the conscious connection is
linked to every single one
of us on a different level.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Steve Mera.
Steve, you've been working
alongside Barry Fitzgerald
in a special study known
as Project Doorway.
A part of that research involved
the Colares UFO incident
from 1977 to 1978.
Steve, what have you learned
from studying this case?
>> That's a good question.
Well, we had an interesting trip
to the US a couple of years ago
and report to George Knapp had
driven all the way from Las
Vegas to LA to interview myself
and Barry about this, actually.
And what we found
was very interesting
is that how some of these
incidents, some of these cases
are being swept under
the rug to some degree.
There are many places
around the world
where we might consider
the UFO phenomenon
cases of love and light.
And in many places,
that's exactly what
the belief system is.
But this doesn't tell the full
story about this phenomena.
Sometimes people are
injured or even worse.
And when we go and deliver
information about the subjects,
we pretty much say
it for what it is.
We don't want to paint
it in any direction,
not give it a belief
system a certain tag,
and just report on the
evidence that's been provided.
And the Colares UFO incident,
which took place in '77 and '78
was one case like that.
And it's not the only one.
There's been others
around the world,
as well as like, for
instance, in India,
where people have been attacked
by these flying objects, which
fire a pencil beam
light down at them.
Now, the villages
and the people that
lived on this small town,
the small village of Colares,
an island off the
shores of Brazil, really
wasn't a big place known
for military and/or policing
or anything like that.
It was just tucked
out of the way.
And people have pretty
much a simple life.
And one day they were
besieged by these objects.
And this went on for a
considerable length of time.
And the biggest
problem for them was
trying to evade these crafts.
Because what was happening is
that these lights, these beams
of pencil beam
lights had come down
and were striking
some of the villagers.
And when it did,
it paralyzed them.
What the biggest problem
was because they, obviously,
thought, well, let's
stay out of sight.
Then you got very
panicky, very worried.
And they decided when
these things are around
is run off into the house.
But the biggest problem
was is that these lights
from these objects would
penetrate solid things,
would penetrate the walls, would
penetrate the roofs of houses.
People would suddenly find
themselves waking up in bed
seeing this beam of light
coming from the ceiling
and hitting them in
the body not being able
to move, and tremendous,
tremendous pain.
You can't imagine to
not being able to move
under those circumstances.
What was left behind was
puncture rooms between seven
and nine little holes.
But what was most fascinating
about over 1,000 people,
actually was about
1,300 people, was
these things attacked,
is that the amount
of people that had
adrenal weakness.
Because the iron-- the iron
content from their body
had been suddenly
taken, diminished.
And that was a really
fascinating thing.
Why is this happening?
Now, don't get me wrong.
These people did go to
hospitals and did see doctors.
And some of them did die
from those illnesses,
from those injuries.
And it wasn't
publicized very well.
It was kept very quiet.
These incidents do happen.
So we like to call it for
what it is, this phenomena.
And we realized, hang on a
second, we have a problem here.
Because I'm faced with
people saying Steve,
where's the best place
to go for a sky watch?
And I'll say to him, are
you sure you want to do it?
Because we don't know what
we're going to experience.
We all love to see
something in the sky.
Don't get me wrong.
It's fascinating.
It's hypnotic even.
Isn't it?
But do we truly know what
that might result in?
Because I've talked
to all the people.
I said, I wish I never
had my experience.
I was interested and went out.
And I wish I never had it.
So that can be a
real problem for us.
So that's why it's
really important for us
to say about this phenomena for
what it really does represent.
It's the good side.
It has a bad side.
Maybe it's just agenda.
Maybe there is no good.
But maybe they're
just doing their job.
And I've said this many,
many just like, for instance,
police officers come
and arrest somebody.
Do they consider that
they've been handled badly?
It's a bad incident for them.
Is it good?
It's just agenda.
It's just a job.
And it's also how we
perceive this to be.
And, of course,
like what we wanted
to do through Project
Doorway is represent that.
And, of course, George Knapp
had come over to interview us.
Because he said, there's a
very interesting news article
I'm releasing in a few days.
And what was being released
from the US government
was the statistics of
people's experience
under those incidents.
And they were lies.
They were not true.
They mentioned a lot of
different information
about how people
weren't injured.
How people didn't die.
And what was interesting for me
is that why is the lies there?
Now, all we've got
to do is go and talk
to a very good researcher,
AJ Gevaerd from Brazil.
And he was part of
the hearing process,
UFO hearing about that
particular case, the Colares
UFO incident.
He was on the ground.
He was talking to the people.
He knew how many
people were affected.
He knew how many people
fell seriously ill.
Those who also died.
And he reported
over 1,200 people
were very severely injured.
And, of course,
what was interesting
is that the US government tried
to make us believe, again,
just as many others is to
sweep that incident away.
So what we like to say is
call it for what it is.
And we do stress caution.
Because sometimes,
we just do not
know what phenomenon
we might experience
whilst we're out there.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Richard Doty.
Richard, over the
last few years,
there has been considerable
discussions over the Tic Tac
UFO.
Richard, what are your
thoughts about the Tic Tac?
Do you think it could, in fact,
be some kind of advanced drone
that we ourselves have
secretly manufactured?
>> Great question.
Well, the incident
happened in 2004.
And there's other incidents
that have happened since.
And, obviously,
some research has
found that there's been
incidents of military aircrafts
and even civilian aircrafts
encountering these Tic Tacs.
Let's go back to the 1980s.
I'm going to talk about this
tomorrow with Paul Bennewitz.
One of the things that
Paul Bennewitz found out
and he photographed some
of the early drone programs
that the United States
government had that
were being tested
around New Mexico.
He photographed that.
The jump ahead to
2004, the incident
happened on USS Nimitz.
A lot of really, really
smart researchers
have found out that there are
some events that occurred prior
to that that people questioned.
They question the Navy why
three days prior was the alert
planes, the F/A-18s
stationed on the USS Nimitz,
the aircraft carrier.
Why were they taken
off armed alert?
The weapons were
taken off the racks.
Why is that?
There's a former
weapons officer who
now lives in Utah, who
has spoken about this.
Nobody seems to know
except that there's
some people that came on the
ship prior to the incident
and downgraded some things.
Now, speed up to the day
that this happened, aircraft,
radar systems spotted
these things in the sky.
It was being tracked
on shift radar.
A number of different
ships around the carrier
were tracking these objects.
And the way the
carrier group is set up
is that the aircraft carrier
has to be well protected
because that's where
the planes are at.
So as these things
are being tracked,
the commander of the USS Nimitz
or the carrier group commander
launched the two F/A-18s
after these objects, Tic Tacs.
Unfortunately, these were armed.
All they could do was
track them in the air
and spot them on
the aircraft radar.
And then report back
to the carrier group
what was being seen.
But there was no way
shooting them down,
Now, people put two
and two together.
Common sense says
that maybe they
didn't want them shot down.
Maybe this was a test
of the carrier group.
What would the carrier group do?
What would the commander
of the carrier group
do if they encountered
something like this, an unknown?
And how would they react?
So were these things ours?
Were these things something
in experimental stage?
Or have we perfected an
anti-gravity device in 2004?
Or was this extraterrestrial?
That's the big question.
There's a lot of evidence that
can point in both directions.
I've spoken with some of
the radar controllers.
They've spoken at
different conventions
that they think that
it wasn't nothing
that we've ever encountered.
But there are other
people have said
that we have things like
this being tested at Area 51
or Dugway Proving
Grounds, which could
be another form of an
Area 51 testing area.
So that's the dilemma.
What were these?
Will the government
ever come out
and say, yeah, these were ours.
Did we test these things
against a carrier group?
Now, any people,
anyone that's ever
been in any kind
of special forces
or in any kind of advanced
training, whether Royal Marines
or SAS or Navy Seals
or Army Rangers
or even US intelligence
officers, you're
given these scenarios
that you can't win at.
And you're evaluated
as a human and how
you react to these unknowns.
How are you going to
react to something
you know you can't defeat
or you can't get out of?
Was this a scenario created
by the United States Navy
or the Department of Defense
or some other government entity
to test the crew, the aircraft
pilots, the radar crew,
the ground crews, even
the fleet commander?
Now, he's been interviewed
hundreds of times.
And he claims he knew nothing
of any kind of exercise.
Well, of course, they
wouldn't tell him that.
So it's left to us to
decide what it was.
Was it extraterrestrial
evidence of that?
Or was it one of ours?
That's a dilemma that we just
have to figure out on our own
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paul Sinclair.
Paul, the location where
you've carried out research
and investigation looks
to have the same type
of reported phenomena
that has been reported
at Skinwalker Ranch in the US.
What do you think it is that
makes these places so unusual?
>> Good question.
It's not just Skinwalker, is it?
And I said earlier,
Bempton, in particular,
it could stand alone.
There's as much
unexplained phenomena
being reported and seen
there, not just by myself.
There's that many
people coming forward.
We could spend the month up
there, six weeks up there,
and see nothing.
And somebody might just
go when we're not there.
And they experience it.
What makes it special?
I don't know.
I believe, like I
said previously,
sorry for going over
old ground, but we
have got concentrated pockets
of phenomena presenting
within the unexplained zone.
And it's the Hoia Baciu
forest in Romania.
There's not just
Bempton and Skinwalker.
And I believe these places
are all over the world.
It just takes the right
combination of people
to start lifting stones.
Find an area, find somewhere
where something's happening
of an unexplained nature.
And invariably, when
you start looking,
you'll find that there's
an interconnected phenomena
occurring at the same time.
I don't know what
the mechanisms are.
It's very difficult because
it's almost as though there's
an enabler because there's
one thing happening
a few weeks later or
within the same time frame,
you've got something
else happening.
I've not got an answer
for why these areas are
producing such a vast array
of unexplained phenomena.
And I likened it to it
could be a hive mind.
It could be just one all
encompassing phenomena
that's presenting showing
you your worst fears,
your worst nightmares.
You see cryptids.
If you want to see
not some bolts UFOs,
you're going to see
nut and bolts UFOs.
Speculation-- that's
all we're doing.
To be honest, with
all that I'm doing.
But that's what it could be.
If you want to see
light form phenomena,
you will see light
form phenomena.
I realize that not
everybody's going to agree.
And that's not what
it's forced to be.
But I don't think any of us
really at the end of the day,
I'm sorry.
I've been a bit vague with that.
But I'm going to answer.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, over the
last 30 years, it
seems that public knowledge of
our technological advancements
are becoming less and less.
Billy, do you believe that we
are involved in a secret space
program?
And if so, how many years
in advancement are they?
>> Yes.
So I really do believe that we
are involved in a secret space
program.
We know that NASA is the front
for the main space program
that's presented to the public.
So it is the European Space
Agency, and the Indian Space
Agency, and the
Russian Space Agency.
But behind the
scenes primarily, I
believe that America is leading
the way in a secret space
program.
And how I come to
this conclusion is,
well, I own a tech company,
First Class Space Agency.
A company is now five years
old, so a tech company.
And we are doing R&D
research and development.
Now, through that
company, it gives me
access to the space symposium
and other private space
industry meetings.
And in those meetings, I have TS
clearance, top secret clearance
into private space.
And in some of those
meetings, I can't tell you
everything we talk about.
But one thing I can
tell you is that people
used to think that the
military and the space agencies
were 50 years ahead
technologically.
No.
Try 300 plus years
ahead of what you have
today, of what we have today.
Pretty much whatever
you can think of,
whatever you can
imagine in your brain
has already been
done or experimented
on to a point of where it's
theoretically possible.
And so the Space
Agency, and the reason
why NASA ended its
shuttle program,
they didn't really end
their Space Agency,
NASA is still a space agency.
What they've done is
they've gone private.
Why?
Because of Freedom
of Information Act.
So if NASA is publicly doing
a lot of these explorations
and creating these
technologies and exploring
warp drives and EM drives and
all these other new propulsion
technologies, then
we as the people
can easily request
information on what they're
doing, how they're doing
it, and a certain level
of how the technology works.
However, by taking it
and transferring it
to private industry saying,
oh, we're out of money guys.
We're going to transfer all this
over to the private industry.
There's no way that you can
get a Freedom of Information
Act on Tesla, on Lockheed, or
any of these other companies
that are producing these
top secret Pentagon-approved
Projects.
And so by moving it
from public to private,
they're now able to
hide and go dark.
And then the space
agency behind the scenes
is then allowed to, now,
due to the new space
force, siphon
trillions of dollars
where they can
continue to develop
all these high technologies.
Prior to this whole
9/11 situation,
we had trillions missing
from the budget going
into these black
budget projects.
And now, that there's
a space force,
they don't have to hide where
the money's going anymore.
They just tell you, we need
it for the Space Force now.
And so we're in
a situation where
they're siphoning a lot of
money into these projects
behind the scenes.
We do have the X33, X37b, which
is a military space shuttle
program that's
launching right now.
They publicly announce
when it launches.
But the missions are top secret.
How long do they go into space?
Two years at a time.
Where are they going
with these cargo ships?
We're launching the most
advanced navigable shuttles
right now today.
Publicly available
knowledge, you
can learn about the
launches and the return
just not where they're going
and what the payload is.
Well, where are they
going with these payloads?
What is the payload?
And why are they
going into space
for two years with an
advanced navigation system?
So yes, there's a secret
space program for sure.
And they're hiding
it in plain sight.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Barry Fitzgerald.
Barry, is there an element
of esoteric undertones
when dealing with
the real phenomenon?
>> All of the phenomena that we
see across that weaves its way
into many of the fringe research
fields all possesses an element
om esotericism.
And we have to realize that
you can such as CE5 and things,
you can summon the
phenomena to you.
Like when you go into
a paranormal situation
and you're using whatever
a particular type of device
that you wish to try and
communicate with spirit,
you are summoning.
It's all got connections
with esoteric undertones.
And we have to
realize that that when
we're dealing with
something that's
coming from beyond
the veil, are we
looking at something
that's coming
from the same source that's
just disguising its appearance?
And so to understand,
I think, that's
one of the fundamental
keys in understanding
the phenomena is that the
majority of the true phenomena
can all be summoned.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Steve Mera.
Steve, you've discussed
on many occasions
about the connections
between UFO encounters
and the paranormal.
One aspect you have
covered is the ability
to conjure such phenomena.
What exactly does this entail?
>> It's just how about saying
about what does it actually
entail conjuring.
Well, really if we want to
talk about CE5, for an example,
we take five people who are
going to go out and meditate
in a particular location.
It could be on a beach.
It could be we have a
location where people have
seen a few lights in the sky.
And over a period of time, you
get the right amount of people
together.
Yes, phenomena can be seen.
It can suddenly appear manifest.
There's no different than
having five people, which
are meditators on a beach
conjuring a light in the sky
than there is five mediums
around the science table
conjuring a ball of light.
It is one of the same thing.
Now, our friends, we have a
number of people researchers
have been involved.
Some of them have
been in those school
experiment settings, which
was experiments in regarding
this type of science
and communications
with spirits, entities,
call them what we will,
which started taking
place in the 1990s.
Further things
carried on from there
where there was manifestations
of small craft seen, balls
of light, which seemingly
had mass to them,
which would land
in people's hands.
It literally is, as
researcher, Grant Cameron,
said in his book, magic.
How do we really define
what this phenomena is?
And how do we really
trust these exactly what
we experience in the phenomena.
When something is
conjured, does that
mean that is the phenomena?
Or is it something
that represents it?
And like Barry has mentioned
before, on many occasions,
you have these materializations.
But in some cases, they act
as if there was no glamouring.
They seem to glamour.
It's happened to me on location.
I've been absolutely transfixed
by like a close encounter
experience of
beautiful lights is
putting on a wonderful display.
But as soon as you are
transfixed with this,
and I'm sure many
people would be,
you're completely and
utterly unaware of what's
going on behind you.
And there's been a few
times where you had
to hot tail out of some places.
But you learn
through that process
that the world of
metaphysics literally
means that it can be
seen to be physical.
And I'll just finish on saying
that those connections have
been seen time and time again.
In the research field
of the parapsychology
and the paranormal, when we
look at apportation phenomena
from the poltergeist
cases, there
was an incident where there
was a mog, which had apported.
But lucky for us, there was
three other mogs identical so
that we could save them both.
One was the apple.
One which wasn't
and analyze them.
And they were both put
on to atomic microscopy.
And what we found, there
was a computer program
that looks at it.
And it says, are they both
the same in a scale fact.
And the scale would suggest that
the apported mog, for instance,
looking at Barry's [INAUDIBLE],,
look the same, feel the same,
weigh the same under
the microscope.
It's saying that
this is not that.
It's saying that it might look
it and feel it everything.
But boy, is that not the same.
And we look for those
little elements in there
to say, well, what is different?
What are the biggest
differences in there?
Is the-- the
diathermic reactions in
there are incredible.
Now, we recognize somebody's
diathermic reactions.
We thought where have
we seen this before.
And it wasn't in the
parapsychology realm
or the paranormal.
It was energy ufological
where a materialization of UFO
would come so close to ground
that it affected the plant
growth.
And scientists came out.
And they took samples
of the plants.
And it was known as a plant
biological or metallurgy test.
The results of that showed this
very same diathermic reactions
in the plants have
been affected.
So we have to really
sit back and consider
is the materialization of
a UFO a materialization
of a morgue of a paranormal
case utilizing the very
same physics here.
And that leads us to really
come to some questions as to,
what really are
those connections
between this phenomena?
And why should we
even have them?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Richard Doty.
Richard, the subject of ufology
over the last several years
has seemingly taken a shift.
Numerous researchers
are now focusing
on the aspects of a conscious
connection between UFOs
and the observers,
the specific areas
where refers are seen to
materialize and de-materialize
as if jumping through portals.
Richard, what are your views on
>> Well, that's a
fantastic question.
We did a study.
The government did
a study a long time
ago way back before my
time during Project Grudge
and Blue Book.
And sign back in the early
50's up through 60's.
It wasn't a very
well-known program.
But when somebody reported
a sighting of a UFO back
in those days, there
were Project Blue Book
Investigators.
And almost all of
them were military.
And they were assigned all
over the United States.
And when somebody made a
report to a local police
agency, or a
Sheriff's Department,
then the UFO investigators
will go out and evaluate.
But one of the things
they did unwittingly
where the witness
doesn't know, they
did a psychological
evaluation of the person, not
a detailed one,
but they asked them
certain questions that would
key a certain response.
And people who are psychologists
or psychiatrists or people who
work in intelligence,
we're trained to do
that to look at the response
of a person with key words.
And they would
record that and then
later on, scientists would
get together or psychologists
and analyze what
information that was
gathered from these witnesses.
And what they found were there's
probably the majority of people
who made the first reports were
legitimate they saw something
in the sky, probably,
they're saying 70%, 80%.
They just didn't know
what they were seeing.
And a lot of what
they were seeing
could be easily explainable.
But there's also that
segment that couldn't be.
They also found
that these people
that had frequent sighting
were drawn to a certain area.
And then they see a sighting.
Now, jump ahead, I had
a case where this person
would write me letters.
Not emails, but letters.
He's actually a real
letter writer, which
you don't see many nowadays.
But he lived in Canada,
Yukon territory,
southside Whitehorse.
He was a retired Royal
Canadian Mounted policeman.
He worked there
for 35 or 40 years.
I finally got in touch with him.
He told me he
could summon a UFO.
And he had actually had
the encounters with the ETs
from that board.
He filmed one.
And he sent me the film.
And he first sent
me an audio tape
where he was recording
what was happening.
And then he sent
me the actual tape.
Now, I looked at tape.
And I'm a straight shooter.
If I think you're lying to me,
I'm going to tell you that.
I'm going to tell you,
I think this isn't real.
You're lying.
You're faking this or something.
I looked at this.
Now, I'm in New Mexico.
And he's up there.
And I get on the phone with him.
I spoke with him.
He said, well, I'll
bring you up here.
I said, no.
I can go up there.
And that's an entirely
different story
how we eventually got up there.
But he actually went
out on his patio.
And this is the only
place that he can do this.
And he had a laser pointer,
a high-powered one.
One that you're not supposed
to shoot in the air.
And he'd flash that.
And probably within 10 or 15
minutes, a craft appeared.
I was bewildered.
I was totally caught off guard
because I wasn't believing him
initially.
Unfortunately, it never landed.
It flew around.
It got close to the ground.
And then it went away.
So his film showed
the craft landing.
And these two long, tall, lanky
ETs coming out of the craft.
They never came close to him.
They never came
close to his house.
They stayed close to the craft.
And he had a dialogue with
him through brain transfers
or brain thought
transfers, not telepathy.
They don't really use
telepathy anymore.
It's brain thought transfers as
the scientific Dr. Greer talks
about.
And they'd be on the ground
for 30 minutes or so.
And then they'd leave.
And then later on, he told me,
the reason they probably didn't
come out was because of me.
I'm there.
And they don't know me.
They know him and his wife.
And they're the only two
has ever had connections.
But there's been a lot of
studies about people that
can draw these crafts to them.
And a lot of them, and I've
spoken with some abductees
here at this conference,
they've had an abduction
or they had an experience
at the younger years.
And now, as these
things come back,
they're more attracted
to a certain location
where they can encounter them.
Now, unfortunately,
some of the encounters
aren't very, very nice.
There's horror stories when you
get to the abduction enigma.
But I think our
scientists have now--
that the scientists that
are studying these things
are saying that people
can be at a location
and draw these crafts.
Now, I'm not in a situation.
I think there's more
people on this panel
could speak more intelligently
about why or how this happens
or why they're attracted.
But in my time, both
in intelligence working
for the government,
working for Dr. Puthoff
in private research,
I find that the people
are drawn to these situations.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paul Sinclair.
Paul, after writing
more than four books,
talking with dozens and
dozens of witnesses,
and dedicating yourself
to years of research,
what is, for you, the most
significant case you have ever
investigated?
>> Without a doubt, Hunmanby,
which we touched on earlier
as regards the name
of the village.
But it's not in
connection with this.
And yes, I've wrote about it.
And I've only touched the
tip of the iceberg, I think.
And it would probably take
an afternoon to discuss it.
But just give you an
overview, 1996, '97, and '98,
three men worked at
an industrial estate
as a second job after their
primary day jobs painting
fairground rides and
high class motor cars
in this huge warehouse.
June, July, and August
of 1996, '97, and '98,
that's when it happened.
Every type of phenomena
begun to present.
Now, I'd known one of the
witnesses for over 20 years.
And he'd never told me.
Sonny even worked for me.
And they ended up doing a job
somewhere in a tiny village
called Flamborough.
The subject of unexplained
phenomena came up.
And it told the guy
who was overseeing
this work on this property.
Well, it was a public house.
He didn't know that this
former military guy knew me.
And say, you better
tell Paul Sinclair.
So he had to tell me, because
we were friends anyway,
an incredible story.
So they were there in 1996.
June is preparing some vehicle.
And there's overview,
a huge warehouse,
bottom right-hand corner,
toilet block above it,
the boss's office.
And the boss was one
of the three men.
He's preparing the vehicle.
A block of wood fly
straight past his head.
There's a void between
the top of the roof.
And he looks.
And he thinks
someone's acting about.
And he just carries on.
He thinks something's
in that void.
He carried on.
He hears a bang on side at unit.
He doesn't know what it is.
And then the other
two guys come to work
with him because he explained
that the boss were fairly lazy.
And he weren't there half
at time when they arrived.
So over the period of
months, light bulbs
would pop and kills the
power in the workshop.
The radio would be
plugged in yet the music
would carry on playing.
And gravel would
fall in front of them
as they're walking
through the workshop.
They tell the people
on the industrial unit.
It's still there, this unit.
Back in 1997, '96, '97, and '98,
there were only a few units.
And some of the guys
remember they're still
working there because I've been
an interview with some of them.
So you've got all manner
of unexplained phenomena.
June, July, and August,
for some reason,
it started and
slowly built. There's
a large area of
land at the back.
They allowed a guy to use it
to break up caravans and sell
parts, caravan scrap yard.
So while the vehicles are
parked in front of it,
they're having a big
argument one morning.
Because he tells him that the
radio was playing in the night.
The horns are
beeping on the cars.
They used to take the
batteries out for theft.
It's an impossibility.
But it was happening.
The boss who I spoke to
interviewed, at length,
all three witnesses.
He said, I was
locking up one night
after the other
guys had gone home
early hours of the morning.
And I suddenly got
an overwhelming fear.
And I turn around.
And there's a huge creature
there just a shadow and shape
of it like a Bigfoot.
So they just literally
went [MOUTH SOUND]
and it walked off
into the darkness.
No animosity, nothing.
But it culminated
in August of 1998,
when you could drive a bus into
this warehouse, the front end
and straight out the other side.
So I'll give you an
idea of the size of it.
The roller shutter doors were
up at the back about 8 foot.
And we'll say, Andrew,
the first witness said,
I found myself stood
at the door as he said.
And it can't have been real.
And I'm only skimming
surface here, guys.
I'm sorry.
They said because
in the compound,
there's a typical
1960s flying saucer.
I can see it.
There's all mist around it.
He said, it's about the
size of a flat back truck,
little bobble on top.
And there's a being inside it.
To this day, he said, it
must have been a film set.
He said, it's got to have been.
He said, now, all three
guys talk a similar story.
He said, and then I
walked to the front.
And there's a small side
door, front and back.
He says and I opened the side
door, military guy, black head
to toe.
Grabbed all of him.
Threw him to the
floor with a gun,
don't move, lots of swear words.
Threatened him.
And he had to stay where he was.
Second one, we've done
Andrew, Dave does the same.
He finds himself stood there.
When you'd think they'd
all be stood there.
And he says, I
asked him, because I
spoke to them all
separately, I wanted to see.
And they're not spoke for years.
Andrew got into to Dave.
They'd lost touch with the boss.
But we got in touch
with them eventually.
He said, yeah, he said, there
was something down there.
He said, I didn't
see a flying saucer.
He said, there was
an object there.
But it was so shrouded
in mist and almost
like arc welding lights flashing
from it, I couldn't tell it.
He said, but there's three
beings stood in front of it.
Very tall.
He says, if they'd
got clothing on.
Then they'd got
almost wet silks.
He said, I'm tall.
He said, they're taller
than me with large heads.
And walked to the front of the
building, opens the side door.
He's thrown to the floor.
He's threatened.
The boss tells me
the same story.
He saw one being.
We've only skimmed on Hunmanby.
It really is a talk
for at least an hour.
And so many things
were happening.
They've got everything.
They've got the
material's floating.
I've got time here, guys.
But Andrew said he used
to tease the phenomena.
It would shout at it.
Give me some money I can spend.
Give me something I can use.
Give me the lottery numbers.
There's another element here
that we've not quite got into.
And I've not got a
bottom of it yet.
But the boss said, stop it.
You don't know what
you're dealing with.
You must stop this.
He said, I'm just
doing something.
I've just bend down and look.
And I can see this
circle coming towards me.
And it smacked me on the head.
And it was a coin.
And they've all told the story.
They said, they were just
spinning around on the floor
saying, I've been hit.
I've been hit.
So there was an intent
with the phenomena as well.
Although, they were having
all this, I don't know,
this conglomerate of
activity at Hunmanby way
back '96, '97, and '98.
Yeah.
We've just touched on it.
There's absolutely so much more
that I could tell you about it.
But thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> OK.
Last question.
>> Billy Carson.
Billy, many are now aware that
UFOs have seemingly deactivated
or neutralized ICBMs,
not only in the US,
but also in other
places around the world.
Billy, could some of
these UFOs be coming here
to make sure we do not launch
nuclear weapons on Earth?
>> Yes.
I think that's exactly
what's going on.
We do have accounts of veterans,
former military officers,
former nuclear physicist,
former nuclear scientist.
At first, imagine, one of
the hardest jobs in the world
to get employed,
you go apply to be
the person that operates
in a nuclear silo, that
works in a nuclear silo.
These are got to be some of
the toughest jobs in the world
to get.
Imagine being the
person that actually
knows how to program
the codes into the nukes
and activate and
deactivate them.
So when these people,
which they did,
come forward and testified
that UFOs have showed up
at these silos in broad daylight
and actually deactivated nukes,
activated nukes.
In other words, played
around with the codes.
And they actually
have a procedure,
a protocol when this
happens that when they're
told to go down into the
silo, close the door,
and wait until the
activity above has stopped,
they have an actual protocol.
This is a known protocol.
And so when these
people start talking
about the UFO is
showing up at facilities
and doing this at nuclear silos,
then we have to pay attention.
Nothing against anybody with a
regular job, but these people
don't have regular jobs.
They're controlling
the world's nukes.
And right now, there's over
20,000 of these things.
Unfortunately, they're
all pointed at us
while we're on the planet
still, if you didn't know.
We have no escape hatch.
We have no escape shuttles
to get off of this thing.
And so if you're an alien
race and you're flying by,
and you go, oh, let
me scan this planet.
Oh, a lot of life.
A lot of activity going on here.
Civilization is booming.
Oh, they learn how
to split the atom.
Oh, let's check it out.
Let's see what they've
been able to do with this.
Oh, they've got weapons.
Let me see.
Let's analyze these weapons.
Let's see what
they're all about.
What is the trajectory
of these weapons?
Oh, this is not-- wait
a minute, these weapons
aren't to defend them
from space invaders.
The trajectories
are going like this.
They're pointing
back at themselves
while they're on the
planet with the--
they're going, oh, man.
This place is a ghetto.
[LAUGHING]
[APPLAUSE]
>> Please put your hands
together for our esteemed
guests.
[APPLAUSE]